Gotcha, scrat!; 
I'm wolverine mean.; 
Scotland is not a real country, you are an Englishman with a dress!; 
Dominated, and I've been shaggin' yer' wife!; 
Welcome to the United States of YOU JUST GOT DOMINATED!; 
I'm a unicorn from Hell, and I'm comin' for ya!; 
Everyone! Friendship is STUPID magic!; 
You're like a little bunny, scurryin' around, eatin' yer lettuce an' berries.; 
How many times have you died? I'm actually gett'n' impressed.; 
You're making this so easy, I'm actually getting worse.; 
Aww there's a new angel in heaven-- IN HELL!; 
Boy, this is just gonna keep happenin' and happenin'..; 
Oh hello there Gundorf! Wheres Blasbo Babbins? Oh there he is! Everyone's here! Babblo, Gimpy, Dumpy, Snoopy... Man I wish Merasmus was around to see this magical turn of events!; 
Take your lumps like a man, Private Twinkletoes.; 
Zat vas doktor-assisted homicide!; 
Sometimes, you just need a little less gun.; 
Gonna kill you and I'll keep killin' you and I'll never, cause you're 'onna be dead and then I'm gonna kill you.; 
Merasmus! We've got unfinished business you and I! And by God, I'll see it settled!; 
I consider 'h' a sacred letter.; 
TikTokCrap was here!; 
My mom yelled at me while I was coding this bot at 12PM; 
Some people are afraid of sword fighting. Some people are afraid of heights. Some people are afraid of fire. Those people are babies.;
Sounds like someone strangling a clarinet player. And I talk from experience.;
You forget a thousand things every day, pal. Make sure this is one of ‘em.;
This ought to be interesting!; 
Alrighty then, let's have a little chat!;
You wanna make something outta this!?;
I'm sorry, where were we?;
Alrighty then, let's party!;
So, how ya doing?;
You gotta a problem with me?;
Haha, you think you're tough don't you?; 
FETCH ME THEIR SOULS; 
Love no one, and no one can hurt you; 
Do not fear death, for it is only the beginning of you're next journey; 
The less people you let into your life, the less people who can leave you; 
There's a difference between caring ABOUT someone and caring FOR them; 
Big Chungus; 
CAN YOU DONT; 
I dont teach Lua or Java, or anything for that matter; 
Yo Skyrim is a fun game; 
I think that I would recognise my own underwear, NOW GIVE THEM BACK!; 
Oh gosh thats terrible, good thing im not actually here or I would be feeling something.; 
POW I stole your horse!; 
Wheres my diamond sword mate...; 
AND THE AWARD GOES TO YOU!; 
Did you know you could use a PS2 controller on roblox?; 
Dont @ me.; 
Minecraft was and will always be better then Call Of Duty :D;
Bruh hows your day been... actually dont tell me im not here;  
For how long its taken I must be taking a huge ####;
I might not be afk after all, might be watching chat or playing a different game;  
MAUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA eh hem sorry had something stuck in my throat;
I don't remember when I made this bot...;
Yo I want some candy right now;
This bot has broke so many times that I don't know what to do anymore;
Dying in this game is very weird;
Life is suffering;
Some people will hurt you and act like you hurt them;
Death is the easy way out!;
Doritos beats Cheetos;
GAMERS, UNITE!;
What is the meaning of life?;
I will Kermit Sudoku;
F*** my Health Insurance;
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing people theres only one of him;
Lumber Tycoon 2 is a bit of a COMPLEX game;
I can tell by the look in your eyes that you’re afraid.;
That’s insane.",
That's cool because fight or flight kicks in when you’re in a survival mode, but the fact of the matter is that you will not be surviving today.;
Isn’t that crazy?;
You might as well just save yourself the effort.;
